WORK_LOG.md, before:

Name: YOUR NAME HERE

| Date   |      Time    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Update |
|:-------|:------------:|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| Aug 24 | 9:00pm-11:30pm | Didn't right any code due to having intelliJ errors, but I found the name of the first 3 poems with Oliver. For #1, we found that whatever letter was written, we had to move +9 in the alphabet to the right. For #2, we figured out that each number was a direct match to an ascii value. For #3, we solved it by understanding that we needed to convert the binary to numbers to ascii values, which gave us the poem. |
| Aug 27 |              |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |


To add a new row to the table, click into a cell and then hit shift-enter.

Commit message:

Solved everything and updated work log!

WORK_LOG.md, after:

Name: YOUR NAME HERE

| Date   |       Time        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Update |
|:-------|:-----------------:|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| Aug 21 | 10:00am - 10:45am | For #1, we found that whatever letter was written, we had to move +9 in the alphabet to the right. That's all we did during the classtime.                                                                                                                                                                                                              For #1, we found that whatever letter was written, we had to move +9 in the alphabet to the right. |
| Aug 24 |  9:00pm-11:30pm   |                                                                                                                                     Didn't right any code due to having intelliJ errors, but I found the name of the #2/#3 poems with Oliver. For #2, we figured out that each number was a direct match to an ascii value. For #3, we solved it by understanding that we needed to convert the binary to numbers to ascii values, which gave us the poem. |
| Aug 27 | 9:15pm - 11:45pm  |                                          I wrote all of the code for each decryption and managed to solve find the answer (the author for each of the 4 poems was the same). I used some of the code that was on the slides for #1 to get an idea on how to approach it (in terms of actually writing code). it took me a long time to figure out the parseint on #2 (mainly). It was really good to chat and work through these problems with my friends! |


To add a new row to the table, click into a cell and then hit shift-enter.
